Update meta-psa/README.md with eCryptfs passphrase management information (#806)
ARMmbed/meta-mbl: meta-psa/README.md

    * Referred to as the "wrapped FEKEK" or just FEKEK as the unwrapped version.
    * The wrapped FEKEK is stored on the system.
* A top-level passphrase - that is used to wrap/unwrap the FEKEK and as a key to allow mounting of
  the eCryptfs.
    * The top-level passphrase is not supposed to be stored on the system

### 4.3.1 The eCryptfs example start-up/initialisation flow and passphrase process
This section describes the example reference implementation used to test the PSA Trusted Storage on Linux.

The start-up and initialisation of the example functionality is performed by the
[psa-ecryptf-init.sh][psa-ecryptf-init.sh] initialization script, which is run on every boot
by systemd.

#### 4.3.1.1 On first boot

The following operations are performed the first time the system boots:

* Directories are created to manage the storage of files and configuration information:
    * `/home/root/.secret`. This is the directory used to store encrypted files.
    * `/home/root/secret`. This is the mount point directory for accessing unencrypted versions of the files.
    * `/home/root/.ecrypt`. This is a configuration directory used for storing the passphrase and "wrapped FEKEK".

>        The start-up ensures this directory is only readable by the assigned system user (i.e. no group or world access is permitted).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       The start-up script ensures this directory is only readable by the assigned system user (i.e. no group or world access is permitted).
```

* Discard the FEKEK (i.e. the "unwrapped FEKEK").

The following command can be used to wrap (encrypt) the FEKEK with the passphrase "passphrase",
where `[wrapped FEKEK]` is the name of file containing the wrapped FEKEK:

    # Wrapping the FEKEK
    printf "%s\n%s" "FEKEK" "passphrase" | ecryptfs-wrap-passphrase [wrapped FEKEK] -

#### 4.3.1.2 On each boot (including the first boot)
The [psa-ecryptf-init.sh][psa-ecryptf-init.sh] script performs the following initialisation
steps on the first and all subsequent boots:
* Using the top-level passphrase from `/home/root/.ecrypt`, unwrap "wrapped FEKEK" and store it in the kernel user keyring.
* Using the top-level passphrase from `/home/root/.ecrypt`, mount the encrypted storage in the unencrypted directory.

The following command can be used to decrypt the wrapped FEKEK and insert it into the keyring,
where `[wrapped FEKEK]` is the name of file containing the wrapped FEKEK:

    # Insert FEKEK in keyring
    printf "%s" "passphrase" | ecryptfs-insert-wrapped-passphrase-into-keyring [wrapped_FEKEK] -

Once installed in the keyring, the FEKEK can be referenced with its signature (e.g.

> b89bed87989fcf3d). The following command mounts the encrypted files storage directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`b89bed87989fcf3d`). The following command mounts the encrypted files storage directory
```

`/home/root/.secret` to make the decrypted files visible at the `/home/root/secret`
mount point:

    mount -t ecryptfs /home/root/.secret /home/root/secret -o \
    ecryptfs_sig=b89bed87989fcf3d,ecryptfs_fnek_sig=b89bed87989fcf3d,\
    ecryptfs_cipher=aes,ecryptfs_key_bytes=16,\
    key=passphrase:passphrase_passwd_file=/home/root/.ecryptfs/passphrase.txt,\
    ecryptfs_passthrough=n,ecryptfs_unlink_sigs,no_sig_cache

### 4.3.2 Security concerns
The top-level passphrase used to wrap the FEKEK is stored on the system under user account protection.
This is discussed further in the next section.

## <a name="section-4-4"></a> 4.4 Securing the eCryptfs top-level passphrase

> This section covers the eCryptfs top-level passphrase can be secured using platform specific hardware services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section covers how the eCryptfs top-level passphrase can be secured using platform specific hardware services.
```

### 4.4.1 Generating the passphrase
To be able to implement basic security of eCryptfs, there needs to be hardware support to

> generate a passphrase on each boot, so it's unnecessary to store the top-level passphrase in the file system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
generate a passphrase on each boot, rather than store the top-level passphrase in the file system.
```

This passphrase needs to be different per device, but the same each boot as it will be used as the
main eCryptfs passphrase that unwraps the "wrapped FEKEK" and mounts the encrypted storage.

> In the case that the platform does not contain a TPM (Trusted Platform Module) linked to the

Reviewer: We should mention about what can be done with a TPM in the system, rather than suggesting it is so obvious no instructions are necessary.

Author: @jjohnson-arm Please take a look at the updated section with more TPM related details.

  boot to retrieve the eCryptfs passphrase.
* Alternatively, derive the eCryptfs passphrase from the Hardware Unique Key (HUK) during secure boot. Pass
  this passphrase from the secure boot to the kernel boot via DTB (Device Tree Blob) entry;

It is up to the integrator to provide this passphrase facility.
In the following sections, the hardware passphrase generation facility will be referred to as `get_eCryptfs_passphrase_from_hardware`.

### 4.4.2 Flow
#### 4.4.2.1 In the OS distribution
The following directories should be created by the OS distribution:
* Encrypted storage directory.
* Mounted unencrypted storage directory.

#### 4.4.2.2 In the factory
The following operations should be performed in the factory:
* Generate a FEKEK per device.
* On the device - using the passphrase (`get_eCryptfs_passphrase_from_hardware`).
  wrap the FEKEK to create the "wrapped FEKEK", and store this in the factory configuration
  location on the device.
* Discard the FEKEK.

#### 4.4.2.3 Each boot
During the initramfs script that is part of the kernel boot process:
* Using the passphrase (`get_eCryptfs_passphrase_from_hardware`) unwrap

>   "wrapped FEKEK" and store it in the kernel user keyring.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "the wrapped FEKEK" and store it in the kernel user keyring.
```

- The passphrase may be regenerated when required e.g. using a key generation algorithm to derive a new key from a hardware unique key.
- The top-level passphrase must be unique to the device, but the same on each system boot.
- The top-level passphrase must be retrieved (or regenerated) on each boot and populated into the kernel key retention service (keyring).
  This operation must be performed in a secure manner.
- eCryptfs must recover the top-level passphrase from the keyring and mount the encrypted storage directory. Once
  mounted, the top-level passphrase should be removed from the keyring and discarded.

Some IoT devices will include a TPM (Trusted Platform Module) which solves the passphrase storage problem by providing secure
storage hardware. A hardware TPM typically provides several other security services
including secure storage of keys and certificates, key provisioning, a secure identity, attestation support
and anti-rollback protection. Alternatively, a lower-cost firmware TPM using an OPTEE (TrustZone) trusted application
could be implemented to provide equivalent APIs to those offered by hardware TPMs.

> Some IoT devices will include a Secure Element (SE) accessible vai a cryptographic API (e.g. the PSA Crypto API).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some IoT devices will include a Secure Element (SE) accessible via a cryptographic API (e.g. the PSA Crypto API).
```

In this case, the SE key storage services are used to store the top level passphrase.

> In summary, there are 3 principal methods for securing top-level eCryptfs passphrase:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are 3 principal methods for securing top-level eCryptfs passphrase:
```
Drop the "In summary" as you never mention the HUK stuff above so it seems a bit strange as part of a "summary".

  secure boot to the kernel via DTB (Device Tree Blob) entry, where the kernel then populates the passphrase into a kernel keyring
  for use by eCryptfs.

It is up to the integrator to provide this passphrase facility.
In the following sections, the hardware passphrase retrieval facility will be referred to as `get_eCryptfs_passphrase_from_hardware`.

### 4.4.2 Flow
#### 4.4.2.1 In the OS distribution
The following directories should be created by the OS distribution:
* Encrypted storage directory.
* Mounted unencrypted storage directory.

#### 4.4.2.2 In the factory
The following operations should be performed in the factory:
* Generate a FEKEK per device.
* On the device - using the passphrase (`get_eCryptfs_passphrase_from_hardware`).
  wrap the FEKEK to create the "wrapped FEKEK", and store this in the factory configuration
  location on the device.
* Discard the FEKEK.

#### 4.4.2.3 Each boot
During the initramfs script that is part of the kernel boot process:
* Using the passphrase (`get_eCryptfs_passphrase_from_hardware`) unwrap

>   "the wrapped FEKEK" and store it in the kernel user keyring.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the "wrapped FEKEK" and store it in the kernel user keyring.
```
